README.md, before:

# wahooDeviceThemes
wahooDeviceThemes is a collection of device themes for your Wahoo device. Device themes are used to adjust how maps are rendered on your Wahoo device.

You certainly came here after you have created custom, up-to-date maps with [wahooMapsCreator](https://github.com/treee111/wahooMapsCreator#readme).

> why? After you generated custom maps with addons like POIs, contour lines, ... or simlpy with the up-to-date maps, you want to take the next step and display these OSM elements on your Wahoo device or change their appearance

```text
packages
├── ui5-middleware-cfdestination    // middleware extension: use the approuter as proxy
├── ui5-middleware-iasync           // middleware extension: sync UI interaction across browsers (alpha! careful!)
├── ui5-middleware-index            // middleware extension: serve an HTML file for / (root)
├── ui5-middleware-livecompileless  // middleware extension: livecompiling of less files in the app folder
├── ui5-middleware-livereload       // middleware extension: usage of livereload for development
├── ui5-middleware-onelogin         // middleware extension: enable a generic login support
├── ui5-middleware-servestatic      // middleware extension: serve static resources
├── ui5-middleware-simpleproxy      // middleware extension: simple express proxy
├── ui5-middleware-webjars          // middleware extension: deliver content from JAR files
├── ui5-task-cachebuster            // task extension: enables cachebusting for standalone applications
├── ui5-task-compileless            // task extension: compile less files in the app folder
├── ui5-task-flatten-library        // task extension: prepares build result for deployment to SAP NetWeaver
├── ui5-task-i18ncheck              // task extension: checks for missing i18n texts
├── ui5-task-minify-xml             // task extension: minify xml resources
├── ui5-task-pwa-enabler            // task extension: enables ui5 app with pwa functionalities
├── ui5-task-zipper                 // task extension: bundle the entire webapp in a zip-archive
├── ui5-tooling-modules             // tooling extensions: direct consumption of NPM packages in UI5 apps
├── ui5-tooling-stringreplace       // tooling extension: replaces placeholder strings
└── ui5-tooling-transpile           // tooling extensions: transpile resources using Babel
```

Commit message:

[FEAT] add initial version of themes for BOLT, ROAM and BOLTv2

README.md, after:

# wahooDeviceThemes
wahooDeviceThemes is a collection of device themes for your Wahoo device. Device themes are used to adjust how maps are rendered on your Wahoo device.

You certainly came here after you have created custom, up-to-date maps with [wahooMapsCreator](https://github.com/treee111/wahooMapsCreator#readme).

> why? After you generated custom maps with addons like POIs, contour lines, ... or simlpy with the up-to-date maps, you want to take the next step and display these OSM elements on your Wahoo device or change their appearance

## Overview of themes
For each rendering type (Mapsforge and VTM) there is a separate folder for the themes. VTM themes might be more important/ used because more devices can use it and it has more features. Find the documentation about device themes [here](https://github.com/treee111/wahooMapsCreator/blob/develop/docs/TAGS_ON_MAP_AND_DEVICE.md#device-theme).

These are the themes covered in this repo:
```text
Mapsforge
├── initial                         // initial wahoo themes for BOLT and ROAM
└── last entry                      // last entry
```

```text
VTM
├── initial                         // initial wahoo themes for ROAMv2 and other VTM devices
└── last entry                      // last entry
```
